Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. Your quails by our vulture haven't eaten.
A: Quails is the main subject. Vulture is in a prepositional phrase. Haven't eaten is the main verb phrase. The answer is Haven't your quails by our vulture eaten?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. Her xylophones upon your newt have applauded some peacock near her quails.
A: Xylophones is the main subject. Newt is inside a prepositional phrase. Have applauded is the main verb phrase. Peacock is the main object. Quails is inside a prepositional phrase. The answer is Have her xylophones upon your newt applauded some peacock near her quails?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. The orangutan below our zebras hasn't entertained your peacocks.
A: The orangutan is the main subject. Zebras is inside a prepositional phrase. Hasn't entertained is the main verb phrase. Peacocks is the main object. The answer is Hasn't the orangutan below our zebras entertained your peacocks?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. Some zebra by the quails has eaten.
A: Zebra is the main subject. Quails is inside a prepositional phrase. Has eaten is the main verb phrase. The answer is Has some zebra by the quails eaten?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. The newts have annoyed her yaks upon her salamander.
A: Newts is the main subject. Have annoyed is the main verb phrase. Her yaks is the main object. Salamander is inside a prepositional phrase. The answer is Have the newts annoyed her yaks upon her salamander?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. Your peacocks behind my walruses haven't admired your xylophone that hasn't amused her salamander.
A: Peacocks is the main subject. Walruses is inside a prepositional phrase. Haven't admired is the main verb phrase. Xylophone is the main object. Hasn't amused is inside a relative clause. Salamander is an object inside a relative clause. The answer is Haven't your peacocks behind my walruses admired your xylophone that hasn't amused her salamander?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. My zebra has confused your zebra who has entertained my tyrannosauruses.
A: Zebra is the main subject. Has confused is the main verb phrase. Zebra is the main object. Has entertained is inside a relative clause. Tyrannosauruses is inside a relative clause. The answer is Has my zebra confused your zebra who has entertained my tyrannosauruses?

Q: Turn this into a yes/no question. Their newt hasn't remembered her unicorns.
A: Newt is the main subject. Hasn't remembered is the main verb phrase. Unicorns is the main object. The answer is Hasn't their newt remembered her unicorns?
