Q: When Christopher Columbus disembarked on eastern Cuba on 27 October 1492, he quickly penned a note exclaiming that the land was the most lovely that eyes have ever seen. Is it definitely true that Christopher Columbus arrived on eastern Cuba on October 27 1492 and he had a great time there?
A: Christopher Columbis is the subject in both sentences. Disembarked is the main verb in the first sentence. Arrived is the verb in the second sentence. The land is the subject, but not in the main clause. Cuba is in a prepositional phrase. The answer is No.

Q: The only thing that puzzled Tommy was the reason for all this secrecy. Is it definitely true that Tommy understood it all?
A: The thing is the subject in the first sentence. Puzzled is the verb in the first sentence. Understood is the verb in the second sentence. Tommy is the object of the verb in the first sentence, but the subject in the second. The answer is No.

Q: He expanded the empire as far down as Mysore and stunned the western world by asking King Antiochus for Greek wine, figs, and a sophist. Is is definitely true that King Antiochus received a startling request for Greek Wine from the emperor?
A: The emperor is the subject of the first sentence, and the western world is the object. King Antiochus is in a prepositional phrase. King Antiochus is the subject of the second sentence, and request is the object. The emperor is in a prepositional phrase. Stunned is the verb of the first sentence, and received is the verb of the second sentence. The answer is Yes.

Q: There are many regulations in place that will reduce air emissions from electric power generation. Is it definitely true that There are a lot of regulations in place that reduce emissions?
A: Regulations is the agent of both sentences. Emissions is the object inside the clauses in both sentences. Reduce is inside a clause is both sentences. The answer is Yes.

Q: However, technology boosters, who won't stop thinking about tomorrow, often forget to think about  It's not at all clear that increasing returns are any more important in software than they were in the early days of railroads, electricity, telephones, radio, even automobiles (What good is a car without gas stations? Is it definitely true that Cars can exist without gas stations?
A: Returns is the subject of the first sentence. A car is the object in another sentence. Gas stations is inside a prepositional phrase in both sentences. Cars is the subject of the second sentence. The answer is No.

Q: These results exceeded our target of $22 billion and were greater than that of the previous three fiscal years, as illustrated in the following graphic. Is it definitely true that The goal was to generate $45 billion, but fell short of the target sum and failed to outperform previous tallies?
A: Results is the subject of the first sentence. Target is the object of the first sentence. The goal is the subject of the second sentence. Fell short is the verb of the second sentence, and exceeded is the verb of the first sentence. The answer is No.

Q: He quickly got used to other people looking at him with suspicion, or simply making fun of him. Is it definitely true that He was used to other people making fun of him?
A: He is the subject of both sentences. Got used to is the verb in the first sentence, and was used to is the verb in the second sentence. Making fun is the verb in both sentences. The answer is Yes.

Q: Although it has been a Christian bastion since the third century, it was a pagan sacrificial site long before that. Is it definitely true that It used to be a pagan sacrificial site before it became a Christian place?
A: Christian bastion is the subject in the first sentence. Christian place is the object of the second sentence. Pagan sacrificial site is a subject in both sentences. Has been and is are verbs in the first sentence. Is and became are verbs in the second sentence. The answer is Yes.
